Frog tounge recharge bar ... (How long does the tounge recharge? What does the bar look like? Where is the bar placed? Does the bar make a sound when full? Does the tounge have a coiling animation to match the speed of the recharge bar? Would certain tounge movements have slower and faster recharge?)
More bugs ... (How many more bugs per level? Would the bugs travel in groups or alone? How many bugs does it take to acheive a goal?)
Larger variety of bugs ... (What type of bugs? Would larger species have larger reward? What would the bugs animations look like? Would different bug species get along or avoid each other? Are some bugs smarter than others? Maybe there's a guide on each species and their behavior.)
Bug catch counter ... (Are there multiple counters for the different species of bug? Where are the counters placed? What counts as a bug caught? Do the counters have a goal or limit?)
Frog eating animation ... (Does the animation have sound? How long does the animation last? Do the Frog's eyes move? What emotion does the frog show? Does the frog change colour? Does the frog do a little wiggle?)
On screen timer (Is the timer counting down? Does the timer change to be shorter/longer based on the gameplay? Where is the counter placed? What does the counter look like? Does the timer display seconds, minutes and miliseconds? How long is the timer for? What is the purpose of timing? Is the timer meant to increase stress on the player?)
Bug sound effects ... (What sounds do the bugs make? Do the bugs say words? Do the bugs scream in agony? Do the bugs tease the frog? Do the bugs sound different based on species? Do the bugs sound mean or innocent?)
Reward sound when frog catches a bug ... (Does the frog talk? Is there a melody or chime that plays? Are there munching sounds? Is the sound meant to be addictive to the player? Does the reward sound change based on species of bug caught?)
Pond background ... (Is the pond looked at face down? Are details seen through the water? Are there rocks around the pond? Is the frog on a lilly pad? Does the pond have an animation of the water flowing? Is the pond water bright and blue or murky?)
Fish as obsicles ... (What do the fish look like? Are the fish different species? How large are the fish? How fast do the fish move? Are the fish partly stagnant? Do the fish look happy or tired? Do the fish make sounds when caught? What do the fish do when caught? Do the fish interact with one another?)
Each round is a day cyle ... (Are days indicated by the light decreasing throughout playing a level? Does each day have a screen indicating the new day/ level? What does the new day screen look like? Is there a seperate screen indicating night? Are the players acheivemnts displaed on the night and day screens? Do the night and day screens have an image of the frog?)
Each day cyle levels up the player, making the game increasingly difficult ... (What are the goals of each level? How does the player know they've acheived the goals? What happens when the player does not achieve the goals? Where is the player's level indicated? How many levels are there? What happens after the player completes all the levels?)
Toungne scooping feature ... (How large is the tounge scoop? How many bugs can the tounge scoop catch? Can the tounge scoop catch all the types of bugs? Can the tounge scoop catch fish? What does the scoop animation look like? Does the scoop curl left, right or either way? Does the scoop require more recharge?)
Customizable frog skin and hats earned by leveling up and catching specific bugs ... (Where can the player access the customizations? How many colours are available? How many hats are available? Is there a way to show players the unavailable colours and hats as incentive? What colours and hats are available at what level? Does the customization effect the gameplay?)
Naming your frog ... (Where is the option to name your frog? How many characters can a player use for their name? When is the frog's name used? Where is the frog's name displayed? What does the display look like?)
Game play instructions ... (Are the instructions optional? When are the instructions available? Are the instructions always available? Where does the player find the instructions? Are the instructions just written out? What do the instructions look like?)
Tounge slingshot to scare away fish ... (Does the tounge make the slingshot or does the player slingshot the tounge? What would be shot at the fish? How do the fish react? Do the bugs react? Are the bugs effected by the slingshot? How long does it take to ready the slingshot? Does the player need to be at a higher level to use the slingshot? Can the player aim the slingshot? How is the slingshot used? Is the slingshot hard to control?)
Catching fish lowers the bug catch counter ... (Is this told dirrectly to the player? Does this rule effet all the bug counters? Does this rule have a visual indicator? ex: text that reads "Oh No!" as a fish is caught.)
Frog gross reaction animation to catching fish ... (Does the frog do a little wiggle? Do the frog's eyes close? Does the reaction have a sound? Does the frog say something? Does the frog change colour? )
End game screen with a full belly frog ... (Does the screen fade into view? Does the player have the option to play again? Does the screen display the frog's name?)
